So where do you think you're gonna be in five or 10 years? Okay, it's
a It's an interesting question. What are you as divisional officer?
Where you gonna be? His department head. Where you gonna be? His next?
That's You have to be willing to travel to the job. This is an old
saying. If you're ready to travel and the ship major squadron agent
job, then detailers will move you to a ship to shore command that
needs you. So how do you plan that career? Well, first you do the best
that you can in your current job. Try to get the best fit. You can
try to get that that no one off ex assigned to the ship's crew and
move on to the next ship to the next job that you wanted to. Now you
want to. So, for instance, right now, in my time way changed out from
the P 3 to 8. And there were a lot of pilots that were trying to
qualify for the P eight so they would go ahead and get tours that would
send them two squadrons with Ph. If you went to a squadron. I didn't
have a P eight and you were kind of, you know, telegraphing detail,
that you were terminal and you were not going to make a transition.
Well, this is the thing that it requires you Joo to think about
your next career. Where do you want to go on the submarine side? Do
you want to stay in? The boomers will just keep on doing boomers,
ballistic SSB end the ballistic, missing tours or No, I want to do a
fast attack. I walk fast attacks and you want to stay with fast attacks.
Logical Wheatley. Different mission sets between the boomers and
the fast attacks. Whoever stay out and do the ballistic missions
in protection of the nation. Fast attacks are out looking a S w looking
for other submarines defending the carriers, etcetera, etcetera.
So it requires 44 on you. What do you want to do with your career?
And then one of the things you want to do is while you're on your tour
president who are doing a great job, you want to go ahead and find
out as much information as you can. All right? Since you want to go
ahead and talk to ah Boomer. Skipper, If you're fast that well, you're
on a fast cycle. Or if you're on a boat, breathe and talk fast
attack and vice versa. So one of the things is when you do come in from
being out at sea, there's a tendency to goto four. Go to the four
winds. And you know what? You really want to try to go to some of
the command functions and try to go and see Talk about Hey, what is
that? What is that squadron doing? What is that shit? Do it. Where?
What's his? Ever. So that cruiser and that frigates and that, um new
A L. C s ships coming out you want to find out is, and so they can
tell you and shape where you'd like to go with your gut.